[Sql] Overhaul failover group cmdlets to use current API and support multiple secondaries (#23898)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Sql/Sql/ChangeLog.md

-->
## Upcoming Release
* Added `DatabaseFormat` and `PricingModel` parameters to `New-AzSqlInstance`, `Set-AzSqlInstance`
* Added multi-secondary support for `Get-AzSqlDatabaseFailoverGroup`, `Remove-AzSqlDatabaseFromFailoverGroup` and `Add-AzSqlDatabaseFromFailoverGroup`

> * Change default FailoverPolicy value for `New-AzSqlDatabaseFailoverGroup`, `Set-AzSqlDatabaseFailoverGroup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed default FailoverPolicy value for `New-AzSqlDatabaseFailoverGroup`, `Set-AzSqlDatabaseFailoverGroup` from `Automatic` to `Manual`
```

* Added a new cmdlet for Azure SQL Managed Instance refresh external governance status
  - 'Invoke-AzSqlInstanceExternalGovernanceStatusRefresh'
* Updated `Get-AzSqlInstance` to support returning the `ExternalGovernanceStatus` property

> * Added multi-secondary support for `Get-AzSqlDatabaseFailoverGroup`, `Remove-AzSqlDatabaseFromFailoverGroup` and `Add-AzSqlDatabaseFromFailoverGroup`

Reviewer 2: Move it to "## Upcoming Release"

Author: Good catch, bumped it back up to upcoming release in latest revision.
